[overhead ] README.md enhancements (#3939)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation: benchmark-overhead/README.md

# Overhead tests

* [Process](#process)

> * [What do we measure?](#what-do-we-measure-)

Reviewer: this link doesn't appear to work. maybe the trailing dash?

Author: > this link doesn't appear to work. maybe the trailing dash?

Woah, nice catch....lemme try removing that.

Author: Looks like it works now without that. Sorry!

Reviewer: I only saw it because I review in the "rendered" mode, rather than the source. :)

* [Config](#config)
  + [Agents](#agents)
* [Automation](#automation)
* [Setup and Usage](#setup-and-usage)
* [Visualization](#visualization)

This directory will contain tools and utilities
that help us to measure the performance overhead introduced by 
the agent and to measure how this overhead changes over time.

The overhead tests here should be considered a "macro" benchmark. They serve to measure high-level

> overhead as perceived by the operator of a "typical" application. Tests are performed on an JDK 11 
> virtual machine from [AdoptOpenJDK](https://adoptopenjdk.net/).

Reviewer 2: maybe
```suggestion
overhead as perceived by the operator of a "typical" application. Tests are performed on a Java 11
distribution from [AdoptOpenJDK](https://adoptopenjdk.net/).
```

3. measure the time until the petclinic app is marked "healthy" and then write it to a file
4. if configured, perform a warmup phase. During the warmup phase, a bit of traffic is generated in order to get the application into a steady state (primarily helping facilitate jit compilations). Currently, we use a 30 second warmup time. 
5. start a JFR recording by running `jcmd` inside the petclinic container
6. run the [k6 test script](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation/blob/main/benchmark-overhead/k6/basic.js) with the configured number of iterations through the file and the configured number of concurrent virtual users (VUs).
7. after k6 completes, petclinic is shut down
8. after petclinic is shut down, postgres is shut down

And this repeats for every agent configured in each test configuration.

After all the tests are complete, the results are collected and commited back to the `/results` subdirectory as csv and summary text files.

## What do we measure?

For each test pass, we record the following metrics in order to compare agents and determine
relative overhead.

> | metric name              | description                                                     |

Reviewer 3: Please add units to all rows

Reviewer 3: And probably it will be useful to have them in summary reports as well

Author: Ok, added a units column. Let's do the report change in a separate PR?  Mind filing an issue?

Reviewer 2: filed #3950

|--------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| Startup time       | how long it takes for the spring app to report "healthy"
| Total allocated MB | across the life of the application

> | Heap (min)         | smallest observed heap size

Reviewer 2: unrelated to this PR, but is this useful?

| Heap (max)         | largest observed heap size
| Thread switch rate | max observed thread context switch rate

> | GC time            | total amount of time spent paused for garbage collection

Reviewer 3: Which GC algo we use?

| Request mean       | average time to handle a single web request (measured at the caller)
| Request p95        | 95th percentile time to handle a single web requ4st (measured at the caller)
| Iteration mean     | average time to do a single pass through the k6 test script
| Iteration p95      | 95th percentile time to do a single pass through the k6 test script
| Peak threads       | Highest number of running threads in the VM, including agent threads
| Network read mean  | Average network read rate
| Network write mean | Average network write rate

## Config

Each config contains the following:
* name
* description
* list of agents (see below)
* maxRequestRate (optional, used to throttle traffic)
* concurrentConnections (number of concurrent virtual users [VUs])

> * totalIterations - the number of passes to make through the k6 test script

Reviewer 3: These are after warm up, right?

Author: Yes, after warmup. The only thing not after warmup is startup time.

* warmupSeconds - how long to wait before starting conducting measurements

Currently, we test:
* no agent versus latest released agent
* no agent versus latest snapshot 
* latest release vs. latest snapshot

Additional configurations can be created by submitting a PR against the `Configs` class. 

### Agents

An agent is defined in code as a name, description, optional URL, and optional additional
arguments to be passed to the JVM (not including `-javaagent:`). New agents may be defined
by creating new instances of the `Agent` class. The `AgentResolver` is used to download
the relevant agent jar for an `Agent` definition.

## Automation

The tests are run nightly via github actions. The results are collected and appended to 
a csv file, which is committed back to the repo in the `/results` subdirectory.

## Setup and Usage

The tests require docker to be running. Simply run `OverheadTests` in your IDE. 

Alternatively, you can run the tests from

> the commandline with gradle:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the command line with gradle:
```
